Popup docs (#1877)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/popup/animation.md

---
title: Animation
page_title: Popup Animation

> description: Animation settings of the Popup for Blazor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Explore the animation settings of the Popup for Blazor. Discover how to adjust the way the Popup appears and disappears on the screen.
```

slug: popup-animation
tags: telerik,blazor,popup,animation
published: True
position: 35
---

> # Animation Settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Popup Animation Settings
```

> # Popup Animation Settings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Popup Animation
```

This article outlines the available settings that allow you to customize the animations when the Popup displays and hides.

> ## AnimationType

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Type
```

> This article outlines the available settings that allow you to customize the animations when the Popup displays and hides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article outlines how to customize the animations when the Popup displays and hides.
```

> You can change the way the Popup component flows in and out of the screen by setting the `AnimationType` parameter to a member of the `AnimationType` enum:

Reviewer 2: "Flows" is compatible with some of the animations, but not others.

```suggestion
You can change the way the Popup component shows and hides by setting the `AnimationType` parameter to a member of the `AnimationType` enum:
```

* `None`
* `Fade`
* `PushUp`
* `PushDown`
* `PushLeft`
* `PushRight`
* `RevealVertical`
* `SlideUp`
* `SlideIn`
* `SlideDown` (default)
* `SlideRight`
* `SlideLeft`
* `ZoomIn`
* `ZoomOut`

> See the [example](#example) below to customize the available parameters and see how they reflect the Popup component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [example](#example) below to customize the available parameters and see how they affect the Popup component.
```

> ## AnimationDuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Duration
```

Set the `AnimationDuration` parameter in milliseconds as `int` to control how long the animation will take until the component is fully displayed.

> See the [example](#example) below to customize the available parameters and see how they reflect the Popup component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [example](#example) below to customize the available parameters and see how they affect the Popup component.
```

              Width="300px">
    <div style="padding: 1em; color: #fff; background: #282f89; text-align: center;">
        Telerik Blazor Animation Container
    </div>
</TelerikPopup>

<div class="popup-target styled-container">
    
</div>

@code {
    private TelerikPopup PopupRef { get; set; }

    private List<AnimationType> AnimationTypes { get; set; }

    private AnimationType SelectedAnimationType { get; set; } = AnimationType.SlideDown;

    private int SelectedAnimationDuration { get; set; } = 300;

    private void OnDropDownValueChanged(AnimationType newAnimationType)
    {
        PopupRef.Hide();

        SelectedAnimationType = newAnimationType;

        PopupRef.Show();
    }

    protected override void OnInitialized()
    {
        AnimationTypes = new List<AnimationType>();

        foreach (AnimationType animation in Enum.GetValues(typeof(AnimationType)))
        {
            AnimationTypes.Add(animation);
        }

        base.OnInitialized();
    }
}

<style>
    .styled-container {
        width: 200px;
        height: 30px;
        background-color: yellowgreen;
        margin-top: 20px;
    }
</style>

> ````

Reviewer: Consider adding the following See Also section. (I cannot suggest it properly because of the code snippet closing).

```
## See Also

* [AnimationType API Reference](/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.AnimationType)
* [Popup API Reference](/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Components.TelerikPopup)
* [Popup Overview]({%slug popup-overview%})
* [Live Popup Demos](https://demos.telerik.com/blazor-ui/popup/overview)
```

> ````

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
````

# See Also

* [Live Popup Demos](https://demos.telerik.com/blazor-ui/popup/overview)
* [Popup API Reference](/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Components.TelerikPopup)
```
